Add a command snippet to build only modified documentation (#10571)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/documentation/building_the_manual.rst

Specifying a list of files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    This section will not work on Windows, since the repository is using
    a simplified ``make.bat`` script instead of the real GNU Make program.
    If you would like to get a Linux terminal on your system, consider using
    `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/>`__.

You can specify a list of files to build, which can greatly speed up compilation:

.. code:: sh

    make html FILELIST='classes/class_node.rst classes/class_resource.rst'

The list of files can also be read from ``FILELIST`` environment variable.

> This way you can automatically get names of all files that were changed since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way you can automatically get the names of all files that have changed since
```

Specifying a list of files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    This section will not work on Windows, since the repository is using
    a simplified ``make.bat`` script instead of the real GNU Make program.
    If you would like to get a Linux terminal on your system, consider using
    `Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/>`__.

You can specify a list of files to build, which can greatly speed up compilation:

.. code:: sh

    make html FILELIST='classes/class_node.rst classes/class_resource.rst'

The list of files can also be read from ``FILELIST`` environment variable.
This way you can automatically get names of all files that were changed since
the last commit (``sed`` is used to put them on the same line).

.. code:: sh

    make html FILELIST="$(git diff HEAD --name-only | sed -z 's/\n/ /g')"

You can replace ``HEAD`` with ``master`` to return all files changed from the
``master`` branch.

> .. code:: sh
>     make html FILELIST="$(git diff master --name-only | sed -z 's/\n/ /g')"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code:: sh

    make html FILELIST="$(git diff master --name-only | sed -z 's/\n/ /g')"
```
My bad, I gave you a bad RST suggestion

Author: fixed

.. code:: sh

    make html FILELIST='classes/class_node.rst classes/class_resource.rst'

You can also use command substitution, so ``git`` passes to ``make`` names of
all files that were changed since the last commit (``sed`` adjusts formatting):

.. code:: sh

>     FILELIST="\"$(git diff HEAD --name-only | sed -z 's/\n/\" \"/')\"" make html

Reviewer 2: the ``make html`` part needs to be at the front, I'm also getting this error on windows in command prompt ``'sed' is not recognized as an internal or external command,`` It also gives me an error with ``sed`` in PowerShell

Also, not a issue specific to this PR but I'm not even sure if the ``FILELIST`` command actually works, I tried the above example and it just builds the entire docs

Reviewer: `FILELIST` definitely works in general, I tested just now on Ubuntu via WSL.

Author: I'm sorry but on Windows I'm unable to successfully specify the FILELIST in any way. Even not doing the git trickery, it outputs classes whatever I try in PowerShell and Command Prompt, using an environment variable, before html, after html etc.

It's already a wonder that something resembling `make` works at all in Windows. If more people reproduce @skyace65's results, maybe we should mark the whole `FILELIST` section as non-Windows? (I don't count myself because I know next to nothing about Windows commandline usage)

Reviewer: AFAIK `set SPHINXOPTS=-j2 && make html` doesn't work on Windows either, but I can't track down the issue that confirms that. (It's why I switched to WSL for docs builds.)

We may want to suggest using WSL as a general purpose solution for users who frequently build the docs on windows.

Reviewer 2: From what I'm seeing ``sed`` is only on Linux. I'm fine with adding this to the docs but we need to make sure it's clear that command will only work on Linux.

Author: I know about `sed` only being a Linux thing. There is a counterpart on Windows, that's not the issue.

The question now is whether you're able to get the FILELIST to work on Windows even passing the filenames manually

Reviewer: I can confirm the inability to set FILELIST on windows; tested in both cmd and powershell and before and after the `make html` or `.\make html` (in powershell). I trust Maarrk's testing here. I also tried `set FILELIST='about.rst'` since that is recommended for setting SPHINXOPTS and that doesn't work either.

If only the basic `make html` command works on windows, I think it's good to add a warning about that and also suggest WSL if you're building often.
